Adding details to the README (#3)
WordPress/theme-experiments: README.md

# WordPress Theme Experiments
Experimenting with themes made out of blocks. 

## About

> This is a monorepo housing many experiments. Typically each sub-directory is a subcontained theme that explores some aspect of creating themes using blocks / block templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is dedicated to exploring how WordPress themes can best leverage Gutenberg blocks. Each sub-directory contains a WordPress theme that explores some aspect of creating themes using blocks or block templates.
```

^ Just simplifying a little bit of the language.

## What's Here

> To be populated by you!

Reviewer: Let's just remove this section until we have something to put here. Presumably once we merge some more PRs, we can include links to individual README files or PRs.
